chore(docs):capitalization and grammar fixes (#18788)
gatsbyjs/gatsby: docs/docs/sourcing-from-buttercms.md

1. Populate the content
1. Integrate into your application

#### Create the page structure

> Create a new Page and define its structure using Page Builder. Let's create an example homepage.

Reviewer: "Let's" is introduced here but it doesn't follow the style guide. Is there another way you can phrase this?

Reviewer: I want to make sure this is merged in in time for Hacktoberfest, how about this: 
```suggestion
Create a new Page and define its structure using Page Builder. Create an example homepage to follow along with this guide:
```

This was an example meant to help you understand how ButterCMS works with Gatsby. You're now able to:

- Create a ButterCMS repository and set it up together with the Gatsby plugin
- Query data from ButterCMS for single pages, multiple pages, blog posts, and custom content fields

> If you got stuck, you can compare your code to the [gatsby-starter-buttercms](https://github.com/ButterCMS/gatsby-starter-buttercms). To learn more about ButterCMS, check out their [blog](https://buttercms.com/blog/). Their latest updates can be found [here](https://buttercms.com/blog/category/new-to-butter/).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you got stuck, you can compare your code to the [gatsby-starter-buttercms](https://github.com/ButterCMS/gatsby-starter-buttercms). To learn more about ButterCMS, check out their [blog](https://buttercms.com/blog/). Their latest updates can be found on [buttercms.com](https://buttercms.com/blog/category/new-to-butter/).
```
